It can even be disconnected from the bundle house
Zhang Shoucheng, I think you are crazy
You make a fuss about Tianyi
Calling Hongyuan Master will definitely make you no more than a cramp
Really? I'd like to see your Hongyan Grandmaster
Are you as unreasonable as you?
Hmph, my master's ability is amazing
How dare you insult him with mud pills
Make a fuss about Temple of Heaven Mountain
I will never let you go
What if I forget?
captain
Our Qi family has nothing to do with trash at all
Are you going to intercede for us?
intercede unless
Let you two women
Take care of me naked
Otherwise, I will definitely make you a family
Buried with this trash
This is not a bit
Is it too embarrassing for us?
Regardless of Zhang Shaocheng, this trash
But you dragged us down
You did it.
Our Qi family and beasts were in Tiangen Mountain as early as
Just make gas?
Since your owner saw the elixir I sent
Then don't be afraid
Not only don't be afraid
And I'm willing to bet
Later, Master Hongyuan will definitely come to thank me
Thank you. I think you're crazy.
Grandmaster was furious after seeing the pill
It would be nice to kill you
Master is here
Hahaha, just wait.
Zhang Shoucheng hahaha
You destroyed our magic tool dinosaur buddha
Insult Master Hongyuan
Now you're dead.